A blind user at an office desk struggles with a traditional map on a laptop. The screen reader repeats.
Map region clickable blank. Map region Clickable blank.
Two blind users try to use a traditional map on their phones to navigate. They are clearly frustrated.
Sadly, this is the experience for blind people when they visit 99.9% of the over 30 million maps on apps and websites today.
A map of the world. Two blind men walking during sunrise. A map details Covid cases in the USA. A blind man attempts to navigate with a traditional mapping system and is unable to find his way.
In a world where maps touch every aspect of our lives, from telling us where to go to showing the information around us. There are those who are often left out. But what if there was a way to make digital geographic information inclusive and intuitive for everyone?
A logo Audiom a white A on a blue background. Scenes of Audiom in use on both a laptop and a smartphone.
Introducing Audiom, the world's first inclusive digital, visual, auditory and tactile map viewer and editor. With Audiom, maps become interactive and user friendly. Zoom, adjust contrast, and customize the map to work for you.
A blind man navigates a college campus confidently with Audiom. Text appears: the only WCAG AAA compliant map.
Explore spaces and investigate data with the only Web Content Accessibility Guidelines triple A compliant map. The unique non-visual audience experience is similar to a video game, where users move a character around the map using their arrow keys or other controller.
A blind user employs Audiom to explore an area before navigating a campus.
Audiom can be added to a website or app in just three simple steps.
A laptop shows Audiom embedded on the website. Text appears, a few lines of code over a blue background.
A customer gives us their geographic data. We process that geographic data into something Audiom can use. And finally, we provide a few lines of code that can be used to completely replace or supplement an existing map.
Two blind users successfully navigate a city using Audiom.
Join us in creating a world where every map is accessible to everyone.
On a white background, large, bold letters, XR in a silver font over the word navigation twirl and stabilize into the logo. XR Navigation.